fix: Apply theme to only to active excalidraw component (#3446)
excalidraw/excalidraw: src/packages/excalidraw/CHANGELOG.md

- Recompute offsets on `scroll` of the nearest scrollable container [#3408](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/pull/3408). This can be disabled by setting [`detectScroll`](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/packages/excalidraw/README.md#detectScroll) to `false`.
- Add `onPaste` prop to handle custom clipboard behaviours [#3420](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/pull/3420).

### Fixes

> - Apply theme to only current instance of Excalidraw, this fixes the issue where theme was always getting applied to first excalidraw instance when you have multiple excalidraw instances on the same page [#3446](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/pull/3446)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When changing a theme, apply it only to the active instance of Excalidraw. This fixes a case where the theme was getting applied to the first Excalidraw component if you had multiple Excalidraw components on the same page [#3446](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/pull/3446)
```
